Compilation Results:
********************

******Testing mp6******
******Test 0******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test passed
aliveStable test passed
******Test 1******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test failed
aliveStable test failed
******Test 2******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test passed
aliveStable test passed
******Test 3******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test failed
aliveStable test passed
******Test 4******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test passed
aliveStable test passed
******Test 5******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test failed
aliveStable test failed
******Test 6******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test passed
aliveStable test passed
******Test 7******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test failed
aliveStable test failed
******Test 8******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test failed
aliveStable test failed
******Test 9******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test failed
aliveStable test failed
******Test 10******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test passed
aliveStable test passed
******Test 11******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test passed
aliveStable test passed
******Test 12******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test failed
aliveStable test failed
******Test 13******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test failed
aliveStable test failed
******Test 14******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test failed
aliveStable test failed
******Test 15******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test failed
aliveStable test failed
******Test 16******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test failed
aliveStable test failed
******Test 17******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test failed
aliveStable test failed
******Test 18******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test failed
aliveStable test failed
******Test 19******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test passed
aliveStable test passed
******Test 20******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test failed
aliveStable test failed

coutLiveNeighbor test passed count: 21
aliveStable test passed count: 8
updateBoard test passed count: 7

Grade:
******
Late submission: 0
Functionality: 49
Comments and Style: 5
Intro paragraph: 5
Total: 59
